1) DuckDuckGo local schools of interest, I have a strong interest for technology and science, and well a budget. I found a couple local schools in order to obtain a Masters degree. I have found that with a resonsible price scale. I currently live in CA, which is a very expensive location but the ROI of another degree I feel would be more than worth it. 
2) Visit FAFSA.ed.gov in order to fill out the application for possible financial aid  help. It takes ~1hr to complete but the ROI would be more than worth it. I have found that because it takes so long, have a cup of coffee and try and relax. 
3)I was able to locate 3 schools realivity close to my location that offers online course work.
4)visit the school website and pay the fee in order to apply for the following semester. It's a great idea to look into the acceptance rate as well because this could give you a better feel if applying would be worth it. I found a school with a 35% acceptance rate. I decided this was not worth looking into because I feel as long as you have the dipolma. Unless youre an overachiever(Not me), you can look and apply to other more presitigous schools. 
5)Usually there is an application fee to apply for the school ($20-100). I know money may be very difficult right now but its the ROI we as humanity need to approach more.
7)Research the shit out of the university, there is usually way too much on the desired college and most of it isnt useful. Sure, if youd like to read more and more it'll only help you, but there are usually a lot of requirements in order to consider a degree.
7a) my main search is price of desired course work with the duration and the possiblity of acceptance.
7b) There are a LOT of certificate and bootcamp programs that are MUCH more affordable and easier to get into. If you enjoy the sciences or tech you could possibly consider going to an IT school. 
8)After the completion of the FAFSA and the application for college it's time to maybe consider a loan in hopes of paying for the schooling. Loans are almost impossible to get because, well, credit is lame. 'Credit' is something we all must have, right? Wrong. It may be difficult to get a student loan but there are many companies that will try and help.
9) My current situation will benefit more on a certificate program because, well I have terrible credit. There is still hope! I do enjoy statistics so I am going to obtain a Lean Six Sigma green belt.
10) I will either get a certificate in SixSig or NetSec.

